Okay, that is crazy,
dude. That looks so good, man. Hey guys,
today we're going to be vi coding a
fitness app from scratch. So, today
we're going to be using an app called
Hypership. You can go to hikership.dev
and sign up for free. I'm actually one
of the co-founders of Hypership. And
it's different than other Vibe coding
platforms because it gives you
everything that you need to launch your
app. So it gives you hosting, it gives
you user authentication, it gives you a
database, page view analytics, and so
much more. So let's get started. So all
I have to do with Hypership is type in
my first prompt and then hit go and it
will start coding it up. So I like to
start with a simple prompt to begin
with. Let's just build the landing page
of our fitness app and see what we get.
All right, we're in Hypership AI Studio
and you can see that AI has already
started to interpret the prompt and
basically give us instructions on what
it's going to be doing next. So, let's
see what happens. All
right, cool. So, the really cool thing
about Hype Ship is that it actually
writes the code in front of you. So, you
can see it working and if you're a dev,
you can start to see that code and start
to spot things and see if you want to
change things in the future because the
other powerful feature of Hypership is
dev mode. And we give you that with
every plan, even free plans. So with dev
mode activated, I can click on my files
here that the AI is creating for my
project. I can go in and I can start
manually modifying those files and that
code and adding code. So it's super
[Music]
powerful. All right, so we can see that
Hypership is finished. The task is
completed. So let's check out our
landing page.
Pretty cool. All right. So, we can see
that we need to add an image here, but
that's okay. So, I'll scroll down. We've
got the feature grid here. Okay. We've
got some testimonials, and we can add
some images there. That's no problem.
And then a call to action on the bottom
and a footer. So, actually not a bad
start. The other thing you can do in
Hypership is preview your your app that
you're building in a new tab. So in case
you wanted to see it on a bigger screen
and you can also share the preview with
anyone so they can basically follow
along and if you make changes manually
or using the AI they can see those
changes happen as well. All right. Now
that we've got our landing page let's go
and add user authentication to it. So
with Hypership it's super easy to add
User Wolf to your app because we give it
to you out of the box for free. So that
means that you don't need to go and sign
up to another service like Superbase or
Firebase and then manage your data in
another service with every app created
in Hypership. You get user warf and a
database out of the box. So you can
actually access your users up here just
by clicking dashboard and then users.
And you can see who signed up. You can
also create a user anytime by clicking
on this button in the top right hand
corner. But to add user or to your
hypership app, it's so easy. You just
ask the AI to add it for you. So, let's
go for
[Music]
that. So, let's see how long it takes.
Okay, so Hypership's added user OR to
our HAB. That was a couple of minutes at
most. So, let's check it
out. All right, so we've got a call to
action button now to sign in, sign up.
So, let's click sign
in. So, this is the OR package that we
give you out of the box. This is Hyp.
We've built a full user or flow for you
that you can use. So a user can sign up
and they can sign in. They can reset
their password. We give you absolutely
everything. Let's go ahead and sign up
and see what happens.
Cool. Okay. So, I signed in and you can
see I've got a profile page and we're
handling all of the IDs and the email
addresses for you for your users. So,
now if I go back to my dashboard in
Hypership Studio and go to users, I
should be able to see the new user that
signed up. And there we go. So, less
than a minute ago, I can click on that
user, see a bunch of metadata about
them, enable or disable their account.
It's pretty powerful. that we have full
user off in literally minutes. Something
that would take weeks to add to your
app. Okay. So, now that we've got user
off and users can sign in, maybe we
should allow it so that our users can
track workouts and then save those
workouts to a database. So, when they go
back in later on, they sign in, they can
see their progress. And here's another
thing about Hypership is we give you
user authentication. We also give you a
database out of the box as well. So
again, you don't need to sign up to
something like Firebase or Superbase.
You don't need to spin up your own
database. We give it to you out of the
box. All you have to do is ask Hypership
to use uh a database or save data to a
database and it will set it up for you.
So let's go ahead and do that. Let's add
a feature where users can track
workouts.
[Music]
All right. So, it looks like Hypership
is finished adding a workout tracking to
our app. So, let's try it out. So, let's
go back into our app in a new tab. I can
click profile because I'm already signed
in. Now, we've got this little workout
tracker section here. Look at that. Wow.
That is awesome. That is crazy, man,
that it added that in minutes. So, let's
say I'm signed in. Let's do a cycling
class. Duration was 60 minutes. Calories
burned. What do you reckon? if you're
really gunning for it, maybe the 800
calories in an hour. Let's hit save
workout. Cool. That is crazy. So, it
saves it to the database just like that.
And I can check that as well. I can go
back into my Hypership Studio. Go back
to data. Let's see. We should see that
workouts. Man, that's crazy, dude. Look
at that. So, we can see the user as
well. So every piece of data if a user
is signed in we automatically link it
for you as well. So I can click on that
and we can see our user data from our
app. That is crazy powerful. In minutes
we've added user or we built an app and
we've been able to save data to a
database. That is something that would
take like days if not weeks to do. if
you're having to sign up for third party
services like Superbase or Firebase,
having to manage all that connection.
And then don't forget, you're spending
crazy amounts of tokens in your coding
platforms to hook up to the external
services like Superbase because there's
just a lot more code that needs to be
written. Whereas with Hypership, we've
made it so that it there's hardly any
code to write so it costs you less
tokens. So that is
awesome. All right. So I've been ving a
bit more to tweak the look and feel of
our page. Let's have a look at
it. Wow. Okay. That is crazy
good. That looks so good,
man. So let's go to the full page
and let's have a look. And our profile
when we sign in. Yeah, look at that dark
mode. Looks so good. And let's track any
workout. So let's say weight training.
Duration we did 45 minutes. Calories
burned
500. We got the date. Look how we even
got date picker on it. So we'll say that
was on
Wednesday. Save workout. Yeah. And it
just say it just works. Everything just
works. That is crazy good.
So, let's explore the Hypership
dashboard just a little bit to show you
all the other cool stuff that you get
out of the box for free. So, I'll click
into my app. I can see that I get
hosting. So, the app is hosted. Um, when
I'm happy with my changes, I can publish
them and you can start sharing that that
link with people and that's live. We've
gone through users. So, you can start
tracking users and user authentication.
We've also gone through data. So, right
now I'm tracking workouts. The thing
that I haven't shown you is page view
analytics. So think of like Google
Analytics
um built into Hypershin. So we
automatically give you this out of the
box. You don't even need to configure
it. You don't have to go through any
setup or anything like that. It just
works. So if people are clicking on your
link, you can see exactly where they're
coming from and what pages that they
come from. The next thing is events. So
you can actually create like mouse click
events and buy button click events or if
someone if you're creating like a
shopping app you can attach an event to
the uh like shopping cart. So again it's
like finer grained page view analytics
but with with event tracking. So with
Hypership we give you so much out of the
box for free. It just saves you a crazy
amount of time. Thanks for checking out
this video. Hope you enjoyed it. We're
going to have loads more videos where I
use Hypership to vibe code a bunch of
different
apps. Like and subscribe. It would
really help the channel. Um, if you do
want to try Hypership, it's free to sign
up and you get a bunch of tokens when
you sign up for free. Um, just go to
hypership.dev dev and you can click sign
up up here or you can just type in your
prompt here the app that you want to
build and hit go and app ship will start
building the app for you. Thanks. See
you.